 # Introvert vs. the outside : A mosquito filled story

I started going outside more during the summer thanks to the job I picked up in the brooklyn steam center. I also went to Barbados for my cousin’s mother’s birthday which I was excited to go to.

I worked for a Program called WorkED where I learned about cyber security and different cyber attacks that happened throughout history. WorkED would pay me and a few other students the equivalent of minimum wage without taxes. This Program was made for students to have a simulated job experience which I think was way better than school.

After a few weeks my Mom told me that we were going on a trip to Barbados which I didn’t know about. I left WorkED 2 weeks before it ended so I don’t think that I will get the full pay but I went on the vacation. This was the first trip my niece would go on as well which was new.

Me and my family got through the airport with relative ease. Once we got on the plane I watched Kung fu panda 4 which was a Great fourth movie in the kung fu panda series. Once we landed we got picked up by family I have in Barbados and drove to the Air bnb we had bought.

At first I was very happy to be in barbados but after about 2 days I started to be covered in bumps all over my body. There was a Mosquito in the house and I found it in the bathroom where I killed it. But as the days went by there had been more because there was no AC in the living room which meant the windows had to be opened to keep cool.

Aside from the many Mosquito attacks I had to endure, I was having a good time. I went to the beach a few times, I brought my ps5 with me on vacation so I wasn’t bored while I was home. Since I brought my ps5 I was still in touch with my friends in America while I was in Barbados and played a few games with them while I was there.

I ate a bunch of food that I got from both family and fast food places which was Amazing. First, the food that My family cooked was really good. Especially from the older people in my family. One of the fast food places I ate from was Chefette which had just about everything, chicken, pizza, milkshakes and more which is why I think that it is the best fast food place.

Another fast food place I ate from was Burger king which I believe was better than the burger king in America. Finally there was KFC where the quality changes depending on the day because some days when I had KFC the skin wasn’t crispy while others it was really crispy. One last thing is that instead of biscuits there are bread rolls.

While I was in barbados I went out with my family. The only issue was that my sleep schedule was terrible to where I would sleep in the day and stay awake at night like a vampire so I was left home some days which I wasn’t opposed to. My mom would always remind me that what I was doing wasn’t healthy but I didn’t really care because it was summer break.

For my Mom’s cousin's birthday my family spent time at her house where there was a bunch of food, drinks, and music and while the rest of my family was outside having fun I was inside playing video games with my cousin. Me and my cousin had a great time inside while the older people had a great time outside, it was a win-win.
